Edits to focus on spec (#2)
ipvm-wg/.github: profile/README.md

# What Is An IPVM?

> To date, IPFS has been a project focused on data. IPVM is a specification for bringing execution to content addresses data on IPFS. To this end, the IPVM spec aims to be the easiest, fastest, most secure, and open way to run decentralized compute jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To date, IPFS has been a project focused on data. IPVM is a specification for bringing content-addressed execution to content-addressed data on IPFS. To this end, the IPVM spec aims to be the easiest, fastest, most secure, and open way to run decentralized compute jobs everywhere.
```

Reviewer: The other thing that we may want to call out is:

```mermaid
flowchart TB
    Filecoin --> FVM
    IPFS --> IPVM
```

* "The HTTP of Compute"
* Stretch: autonomous agents

# Implementations and Interop

> * Bacalhau
> * Web3Storage
> * Homestar

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Bacalhau](https://bacalhau.org)
* [Homestar](https://github.com/ipvm-wg/homestar/)
* [Web3Storage](https://web3.storage/)
```
